README.md, before:

# Video Transcoding for Docker

Docker support for [https://github.com/donmelton/video_transcoding](https://github.com/donmelton/video_transcoding)

The Docker image is [available on Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/ntodd/video-transcoding/).

## Prerequisites

You must be running [Docker for Mac](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/mac/), [Docker for Linux](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/linux/), or [Docker for Windows](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/windows/).

## Usage

To run the video_transcoding gem in Docker, execute the following:

```
# Docker for Mac & Linux
docker run -itv "`pwd`":/data ntodd/video-transcoding

# Docker for Windows
docker run -itv C:\My\Current\Path:/data ntodd/video-transcoding
```

This will:

1. Download the `ntodd/video-transcoding` Docker image (unless already downloaded)
2. Mount the current working directory on your host machine as a shared volume inside the container
3. Run an interactive bash shell with access to your current directory and the video_transcoding cli tools

For best results on Docker for Mac or Windows, set your CPU count in preferences to the maximum available for your machine.

To update to the latest version:

```
docker pull ntodd/video-transcoding:latest
```

Commit message:

update readme replacing forked repo info to this repo.

README.md, after:

# Video Transcoding for Docker

This is a forked version of https://github.com/ntodd/video_transcoding_docker running the latest versions of HandBrake and video_transcoding.

Docker support for [https://github.com/donmelton/video_transcoding](https://github.com/donmelton/video_transcoding)

The Docker image is [available on Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/computerfr33k/video-transcoding/).

## Prerequisites

You must be running [Docker for Mac](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/mac/), [Docker for Linux](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/linux/), or [Docker for Windows](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/windows/).

## Usage

To run the video_transcoding gem in Docker, execute the following:

```
# Docker for Mac & Linux
docker run -itv "`pwd`":/data computerfr33k/video-transcoding

# Docker for Windows
docker run -itv C:\My\Current\Path:/data computerfr33k/video-transcoding
```

This will:

1. Download the `computerfr33k/video-transcoding` Docker image (unless already downloaded)
2. Mount the current working directory on your host machine as a shared volume inside the container
3. Run an interactive bash shell with access to your current directory and the video_transcoding cli tools

For best results on Docker for Mac or Windows, set your CPU count in preferences to the maximum available for your machine.

To update to the latest version:

```
docker pull computerfr33k/video-transcoding:latest
```
